and I 'm going to show you how to put
frequency
usually with glass 11 325
let's connect pin 10 and pin 11 to
2 switch that go to ground
can grab it from these plates or
any negative point land of
apparatus
they are two common suites on and off
we're going to put it on channel 15
I'm going to show you the activated switches
the normals will be born
you can see that he handles 27 135 that
corresponds to channel 15 when I activate
this switch this one
corresponds to pin 11 we're going to go
down from the normals
26 815 when you activate this switch in the
pin 11
you're going to work from channel 15 to channel 27
is the range with this switch the 27 would be
down channel 126
is this I am not going to show you
although there are twenty six 955 at most what
we go back and let's see what
are the normal ones we are going to activate this
another that corresponds to pin 10
I'm going to activate it, I got a pulse
negative to pin 10 this is disabled
and pin 11 is disabled only the
pin 10
now
we're going to leave him by fire in 15
we can see that it handles 27 775 this range
you will handle it from channel 1
to channel 40
27 605
and channel 40 on 28 0 45
if I activate pin 11 and pin 10 to the
time
we are going to go to another range of
frequencies that are going to start from the channel
fifteen
27 4 55 and we are going to give you this
27595 then they could observe how
easy is to put the frequencies in a 100
48 you can use the tweets
from the front or they can put us by the
back part or a box part john
masters knew it is demonstrated here and can
see what is pine 11
pin 11 and pin 10 this is the eleven this is
on the 10th they take to earth and you go to
be able to play with the frequencies this
video the mass to show how to put
with 11 3 25 which is the one that comes from
factory